Thunder God of War was shot
The sky is thunderous
Junior Ye Qingmei
Thank you, God of Thunder
You and I are now in the year of the god of war together
You don't have to be so polite
I don't look happy with you
Did something happen?
And who is that kid?
I don't know if the Thunder God of War remembers
Back then, the Qilin Hunyuan of my nine major families
And he is the liar
Today, Japan is home to my nine major families
Cut off the rebirth feast of the unicorn
And he came to make trouble
And use a series of means
Harming the interests of my nine clans
But here's the thing.
I suspect he colluded with Shikoku
Collaboration and treason
What do you say to harm the interests of my warriors?